17
tutorial-1 Welcome to the Fall of Drakhtar tutorial! Before embarking on your adventure, you should get acquainted with basic game mechanics! ¡ . 
tutorial-2 All interactive objects and units are on the board, which will be clearly shown during the game.  ¡ . 
tutorial-3 This is the battlefield, your units are blue  and those are who you will be able to play with. In order to win, you need to eliminate the enemy's hero. You lose if any of your heroes die. ¡ . 
tutorial-4 Players alternate their turns depending on each of their unit's speed, which is shown in the turn bar below. ¡ . 
tutorial-5 The unit with the highest speed will start first, followed by the units with less speed. ¡ .
tutorial-6 Each unit has it's own unique stats, you can check them by hovering over them. ¡ .
tutorial-7 Units can attack and/or move on their turn. In their turn, their movement range is highlighted in blue, and if there is any enemy unit in range of its attack, it will be highlighted in red. ¡ .
tutorial-8 You can order your units to move or attack by left-clicking on the target, and the attacker will always strike first, which gives him an advantage . ¡ .
tutorial-9 Once per turn, the defender can counter-attack if he is in range (archers can't counter-attack in melee). ¡ .
tutorial-1 There is a turn bar in the bottom of the screen where you can see the order in which units will act, the one in the circle being the current active unit. ¡ .
tutorial-2 The active unit is highlighted in yellow, to move it, click on any of the boxes highlighted in blue. ¡ .
tutorial-3 To attack, click on an enemy in a box highlighted in red, keep in mind, if the target survives the attack, it will counter-attack. ¡ .
tutorial-4 You will get gold for every enemy killed, you can use it later to recruit more troops and reinforce your army. ¡ . 
tutorial-5 You can skip your current unit's turn whenever you want. ¡ . 
tutorial-6 Commander skills can be used during the commander's turn, hover the buttons on the left to read about them. ¡ .
tutorial-7 Enemy commanders can also use skills in their turn, you can read about them hovering the red button. ¡ .
tutorial-8 Remember: Kill the enemy commander to win and don't let yours die, good luck. .