15
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Valar fell, his head hitting the ground before his body. He died with a smile in his face, for the necromancer broke the seal in the time Valar and Thassa fought for the future of the kingdom. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator A portal violently appeared from the broken gem, sending everyone flying. Thassa held her ground with stubborn resistance, in time to see what came next. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator A cloaked figure exited the portal. He raised a hand, and sucked the life out of the necromancer and any soldier of Valar's that wasn't dead. He revealed his face, being... a young, handsome man, with eyes red as blood and a pale hide. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator He turned his gaze at Thassa, eyes filled with wrath. .
Abeizhul Portraits-SoldierEnemy I am Abeizhul, War, Famine, Death. I come to claim this as my kingdom. As for you... .
Abeizhul Portraits-SoldierEnemy We will meet again soon, princess of Drakhtar. For now, I take my leave. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator The demon opened a sinister portal with his black magic, and in a flash of red and black, he was gone in an instant. Thassa chased after him, just for the portal to disappear right before her eyes. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Thassa thought of what to do next. When she was a kid, she read in books about the circle of Aryassa, a group of magicians, masters in pretty much every type of magic. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator She was sure they had to know how to remove or avoid the strange fog that surrounded Crihendrath. They were her only hope. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Thassa invited the circle of magicians of Aryassa to her court and asked for help to pass the mist of death. After a long negotiation, they accepted and agreed to follow her. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Korvuk, the circle's leader, summoned strange looking golems that joined Thassa’s ranks and opened a portal that led next to the enemy fortress. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator When they arrived there, the mages created a defensive barrier that negated the effects of the deadly mist. Thassa and her army rushed to the castle's door to open it. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Thassa and her men advanced through the halls of the fallen castle, not a sight of the living, or the dead, right to the throne room, where they found the demon Abeizhul sitting in his throne. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Fingering a human skull with one hand, Abeizhul stood from his seat. .
Abeizhul Portraits-SoldierEnemy You are brave, princess. But your skull will be mine. .