10
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Having left the necromancer exposed for a few seconds, Thassa rushed to him and took the Gem of Deiros from his hands. She threw the gem to Korvak, who opened back one of the portals the necromancer summoned back then. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Thassa kicked Abeizhul through the portal. His screams of agony and despair were heard for a few seconds, until Korvak closed the portal back. The necromancer was now trapped forever in hell, where he would live a life of agony for all eternity. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator The bodies of the dead began to undo in sands and from among them, outbreaks of souls that grateful for their liberation began to ascend in herd. The castle, shrouded in chaos, came back to normal, and the strange mist surrounding it disappeared. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator It was time to return to Drakhtar. The circle of Aryassa used their magic to open portals back to the castle courtyard. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator The soldiers, wounded, tired and exhausted from the battle, looked up to see how from the clouds a bright sun appeared, filling with rays the entire city that was once plunged into misery. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Everything that happened had a great human cost. Drakhtar was hers again. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Thassa lost stability and remembered for a second all the brave men that had lost their lives in this war. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator But now it was not the time for cries anymore. After all, she was a great inspiration for all her followers. Her morale had to be high, if not for her, for them. It was time for the celebrations to begin. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator She would be probably crowned Queen the next day, but she did not think of it yet. The only thing on her mind was the feast that was about to begin. .
Narrator Portraits-Narrator Thassa started walking towards the banquet room, where all her people were waiting. She looked at the clear sky one last time and entered the room with a smile in her face. .